ظآزThe whole world is lit upظآز
ظآزBecause you existظآز
ظآزYou're alwaysظآز
ظآزSomewhere close, flying with meظآز
ظآزGo to where the wind blowsظآز
ظآزHold tightظآز
ظآزTo the ray of light that belongs to usظآز
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 16=
Don't worry.
I've had someone remove the posts.
The attention will die down soon.
In a few days,
no one will remember this anymore.
Thank you.
Zhiyu.
I...
I can get engaged to you.
ظآزListen, the wind chime is ringingظآز
What do you mean?
ظآزI wish to forget youظآز
(I can't tell Zhiyu)
(that she isn't
Mu Chenzhou's daughter yet.)
(She might not be able to accept it.)
The situation right now
is too complicated.
Only if we appear in front of the media
as an engaged couple
can we crush these rumors.
Then no one will point fingers
or gossip about you anymore.
Shen Jibai,
what do you take me for?
You were the one who refused
the engagement before.
Now things have come to this,
and suddenly you say
you're willing to get engaged? What?
Is it fun to toy with me?
Shen Jibai,
you've gotten used to
playing the hero who saves the damsel.
You always appear
at the most critical moment.
Captain Shen.
Don't get so immersed
in your bodyguard role.
I'm not.
I'm not toying with you.
The priority right now is
to solve the trouble we're facing.
I'll always stand by your side.
Shen Jibai,
if I wanted to get engaged,
I would have plenty of options.
There are many things
you don't want to explain. That's fine.
I don't want to hear them either.
If there's nothing else,
please leave.
- Zhiyu, I...
- Out!
ظآزHow do I live after losing you?ظآز
ظآزWhen I look up at the distant starsظآز
ظآزEverything is hazyظآز
Luyao,
there's something
I need you to investigate.
(It's been a long time
since I came back.)
(This place still looks the same
as when I was a child.)
(When I was little,)
(Mom would often cry
while holding this photo.)
(Sometimes, I heard her
calling "daughter".)
(If)
(the little girl in the photo)
(was actually her biologocal child,)
(then I must find out Zhiyu's
true identity as soon as possible.)
(Only then can I figure out
our relationship)
(and continue walking forward with her.)
(I never expected Shen Jibai
to have so many secrets.)
Stop.
What's wrong?
There's something
I want you to explain.
What is it?
You asked me about the pendant before.
I told you
it was left to me by my grandfather.
Originally, there were two of them.
One for a boy, and one for a girl.
I want you to tell me
why this pendant is with you.
You're not going to tell me
that we're actually siblings, are you?
Is that why
you approached me before
and then rejected me?
Of course not.
You're not my sister.
So
you've been investigating this
all along.
That's also why you rejected me.
This pendant
was found among my mom's belongings.
I thought it was something
she left for me,
so I've always kept it with me.
I never expected
that you also had an identical one.
Zhiyu,
there are many things
I haven't completely found out.
But I hope you can give me some time.
I promise
I will definitely
explain everything to you.
Alright.
I'll get engaged to you.
But
you must tell me the truth soon.
Because I don't want to marry someone
who is full of secrets.
Okay?
Okay.
(Zhiyu,)
(no matter who you are,)
(no matter whose daughter you are,)
(to me,)
(you'll always be the precious jewel
I hold dear.)
(Mu's International Auction Launch Ceremony)
Ms. Mu, may I ask, what kind of theme
the new quarter's release will showcase?
The new quarter's release
will combine traditional culture
with modern trends.
There were previous reports saying
you broke with
the heir of the He Group
and started dating
your personal bodyguard instead.
Is that true?
Ms. Mu, would you like to comment?
Ms. Mu, can you explain
the previous hotel scandal?
Is it true?
(The act has gone this far.)
(It's only a matter of time
before you walk right into the trap.)
Actually, Zhiyu and Jibai...
We're a couple.
What happened before
was just a little fun between lovers.
I don't know why
it was maliciously exaggerated
and misinterpreted.
Jibai and I
have always had a stable relationship.
There has never been
a third person involved.
As for marriage,
we still need to discuss it further.
Once the date is decided,
we'll inform everyone.
So there's no need
for everyone to worry.
Also,
I have another important announcement.
What I'm holding is
the cooperation agreement between Mu Group
and Hong Studio.
For this auction,
Mu Group will join hands with Hong
to host an exclusive auction event.
This is exactly
what I mentioned earlier.
A combination of traditional culture
and modern trends.
(Now that their relationship is public,)
(that's all I wish for.)
I know you're a loving couple,
but you should be mindful
of your behavior at home.
You're right, Stepmom.
But Jibai and I
are just playing around a little.
Compared with you,
we're far behind,
aren't we?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I couldn't care less about you.
(Let's see how long
you can keep smiling.)
ظآزCircling repeatedlyظآز
ظآزLike a flight with no destinationظآز
ظآزIf longing can be foldedظآز
ظآزIt would return to yesterday
with the proper stampظآز
She's gone.
We don't have to act so convincingly.
Who said we were acting?
It's real between us.
What?
My fianc├رe,
are you planning to go
your separate way?
Shen Jibai,
we're just partners.
Don't cross the line.
ظآزNo longer fighting myselfظآز
ظآزI've grown callusesظآز
I intend
to cross it.
What are you going to do about it?
ظآزAlways measuring the interval
between breath and silenceظآز
ظآزLike fishing
for raindrops in the desertظآز
ظآزIf time stopped spinningظآز
ظآزOur passion would expireظآز
ظآزIf my heart refuses
to compromise with the nightظآز
ظآزI'll tear out my ribs
to strike the stars louderظآز
ظآزSettling in my veinsظآز
ظآزEvery flutterظآز
ظآزLight comes beaming inظآز
ظآزLanding on my skinظآز
ظآزWarms the space you left behindظآز
ظآزShadows move aroundظآز
ظآزAwake, racing thoughtsظآز
ظآزTry to keep the memories safeظآز
ظآزDon't slip awayظآز
ظآزI'm all yours, all yoursظآز